# John Aquino's Portfolio

Welcome to my portfolio! This project showcases my skills and talents as a software engineer, highlighting my proficiency in modern web development technologies. Built with Next.js—a powerful React framework—and TypeScript, this portfolio stands as a testament to my commitment to writing robust, maintainable, and efficient code.

## Project Structure

The portfolio is structured for clarity and scalability:

- `src/`: The heart of the application, containing all React components and utility functions.
- `components/`: Houses reusable React components like `Header.tsx`, ensuring modularity and ease of maintenance.
- `.next/`: Generated by Next.js during the build process. It includes the compiled application and its dependencies.
- `public/`: Stores static assets like images and favicons, accessible by the Next.js server.

## Running the Project Locally

To run the portfolio on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Navigate to the project directory.
3. Install dependencies with `npm install`.
4. Start the development server:

    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

5. Open `http://localhost:3000` in your browser to view the portfolio.

## Contributing

While this is primarily a personal portfolio, contributions are welcome! If you see an area for improvement or have an idea for a feature, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## Contact

I'd love to connect! Whether it's a question, job opportunity, or just to say hi, feel free to reach out:

- Email: my-email@example.com

Thank you for exploring my portfolio!

